1. We created a GitHub account
2. Then we downloaded and installed Git in our laptops(MacBook or Windows)

3. What is difference between Git and GitHub ????

Floppy Disk - 3.2 mb
Compact Disk (Moserbaer) - 700 mb size
DVD - 3.5 to 4.0 GB
pen drive
External Hard Disk
HDD
SSD


1994 
2 mb RAM
64mb hard disk

1998 - Compaq Presario

C++ - I used to save it in a floppy disk
friend's place. Insert the floppy disk and let him take the programs
3rd friend
4th friend


Manual Testing Team 
Automation Testing Team
Database Testing
Performance Testing
Security Testing

One Testing team and there are different testers in the same team

California - he is more like an Automation Architect[overlooks everything]
India - They are more into Backend Testing [database + Automation]
Virginia - They are more into FrontEnd Testing [Web Application]

T1, T2, T3, T4, T5 - they all write automation code

T1 + T2 + T3 + T4 + T5 = will be the final code
in versions, in small incremental patterns

T1 - he designed the first code. And he wrote the code and told others ok I have written the code
Take copy of this code and on top of it, include your areas of functionality and merge your areas with the original code

T1 - original code V1.0 after 2 years will this remain 1.0
T2 - will take
T3 - will take
T4 - will take
T5 - will take

T2 is working on Login scenario
T3 is working on Register scenario
T4 is working on Product Scenario
T5 is working on Addtocart Scenario

T1 + T2(Login) = 
T1 + T3(Register) = 
T1 + T4(Product) = 
T1 + T5(AddtoCart) =

20 ??

dvd
pendrive
Email in outlook
external hard disk 

SDLC - Software Development Life Cycle
> A structured process used to develop high quality software
> It provides a systematic approach to planning, creating, testing and deploying software

Amazon wants something. So they kept open invitation to various software companies who want this project.
Amazon asked to upload a presentation. And if the presentation is impressive they will give an opportunity to meet
Lets' say your company won the contract.
10mn dollars/year
5 years = 50mn dollars

Phases of SDLC
1. Requirement Gathering and Analysis
   Objective: Understand the client's needs and document them
   Outcome: Requirement Specification Document [BRD, SRS]

2. Planning
   Objective: Define project scope, resources, cost and timeline
   Outcome: Project plan, Risk Management Plan

3. System Design
   Objective: Architect the system by designing its structure, components and user interface
   Outcome: High Level Design and Low Level Design

4. Implementation(Coding)
   Objective: Covert the design to actual code
   Outcome: Source Code

5. Testing
   Objective: Verify that the software meets the requirements and is free of bugs
   Outcome: Tested and validated software

6. Deployment 
   Objective: Deliver the software to the client or release it to production
   Outcome: Deployed software

7. Maintenance
   Objective: Provide update, fix bugs and in case there is certain enhancements[change the cents price last digit from 9 to 1]
   Outcome: Stable, updated software over a period of time
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How do we implement SDLC ?
Ans: By implementing business methodologies
    
     Waterfall Model 

Advantages of WaterFall model
> Quality of the product will be very good
> Since requirement changes are not allowed, the chances of finding bugs are less.
> Initial investment is less since the testers are hired at later stages
> Preferred for smaller projects when requirements are completely signed off and freezed.


Disadvantages of Waterfall model
> Requirement changes are not allowed. So technically there is no room for compartmentalization.
> In the 1st stage there was a defect which could not be detected. Then this defect will be carry forwarded
> If there is a problem, cost of fix is much higher
> Testing can only start after coding is over.

Spiral Model - homework (Guru99 website)
Iterative Model - homework
V - Model
Agile Model

2007 Accenture [V model]





                         


















